
 
Elama Healthcare Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Home  About us      World Wide Operation     Services     Products   Careers   Understanding Partners    CSR Activity   Contact US
B
Welcome Visitor !
We supply affordable and quality medicines across the globe, regardless of geographic and socio-economic barriers. This ability of ours can be ascribed to our successful portfolio of businesses, geographies and products.
Through our strong manufacturing services supported with highly qualified technical team we attempt to build blocks to produce an organization that manufactures therapeutics for a range of diseases. 



About  Us
Director
Our Mission
Our  Vision
Our Philosophy
Core Value
Strengths
Quality 
Trust & Confidence
Our People
About Us
Consistent growth and sustainability is a multidimensional aspiration for all at Elama Healthcare, we remained focused on providing quality and affordable medicines to billions of ailing patients across geographies and bridging the gap of unmet needs of medical fraternity through continuous innovation. Our basic business philosophy, by its very nature, serves a social responsibility hence we have a far better reason than profits alone to drive our performance.
Sustainability, is not a trend we blindly follow, it is intrinsic to how we have operated since the genesis of the organization in the year 1986. Elama Healthcare is focused on increasing the momentum in the business through organic growth routes. Growth is well spread across geographies with focus on key therapeutics segments. We continue to evaluate various therapy areas to strengthen its business and competitiveness. Elama Healthcare has forayed into high growth potential segments like Cardiovascular, Diabetes, Orthopedics, Gynecology, Respiratory and Oncology. These new growth areas will add significant depth to the existing product pipeline.
Elama Healthcare business has witnessed exemplary growth over the past few years growing ahead of the Indian Pharma Market as well as International market

Directors  : 
Dr  Rahul Kulkarni : (Qualification  MBBS , MS ENT – MUMBAI ) : 
More than 25 years experience in Medical Field. 
He is  Hon.Consultant, at Sir J J Group of Hospitals. 
He is Head of  ENT dept at  St George Hospital . He was President at ENT association of India , Mumbai Branch
Heading Kalwa ENT centre,Kalwa,Thane
Mumbai.Chief ENT Consultant,Currae Hospital,Thane
    
Dr Ashwini Kulkarni :  ( Qualification MBBS DMRD) : 
20 years of experience in  practice.
Director at Kalwa Diagnostic Centre,Thane.
Chief Sonologist,Currae Hospital and IVF birthing Center ,Thane
Organizing member,Asia(AOCR)radiology conference,.



-352425451485Our mission is to Serve Global Healthcare needs through Empathy, Innovation and Technology. We believe that to ensure sustained growth, we need to clearly understand our customer's needs and use cutting edge technology to present innovative solutions
0Our mission is to Serve Global Healthcare needs through Empathy, Innovation and Technology. We believe that to ensure sustained growth, we need to clearly understand our customer's needs and use cutting edge technology to present innovative solutions
Our Mission 
. 






Our  Vision : Lead the way to bring Wellness and Healthcare to the world.Evolving into a vertically integrated, globally active Business, leading and developing Special and Effective Wellness and Healthcare Products with a special emphasis on Consumer safety  to suit their unique needs in today’s exciting world. Evolve as an Organization setting Leadership Benchmarks for Innovation, Excellence, Growth, Employee satisfaction, Products Safety & Value Creation.


Our Philosophy
At Elama Healthcare, we believe in the art of first creating opportunities and then optimizing them to the fullest. In this manner, we identify the unmet medical needs across therapies in different markets and capitalize on them to optimum levels ahead of competition.
Core Value
Respect  ( Picture )
Honesty  ( Picture )
Affordability (Picture)
Partnership  ( Picture )
Customer Emphasis  ( Picture )
Passion (Picture)


Strengths 
Making Medicine Obtainable and affordable 
Elama Healthcare are aware of our obligation that patients across the globe are trusting on our medicines and we take that responsibility with great care. Elama team are dedicated to ensuring our medicines are readily available for healthcare professionals and in turn the ultimate patients.
All of our associated sites follow Good Manufacturing Practice ensuring the highest quality and safety for the end user. 

Quality
In our constant Endeavour to deliver highest quality products, we have put in place strong and effective Quality Control and Quality Assurance Systems which consist of:
Modern, sophisticated and advanced instrumentation  and equipment
Highly experienced personnel
Quality risk management  systems 
Trust and Confidentiality
We manage proprietary and sensitive customer specific information professionally to maintain mutual trust and confidence.  We assure our customers  of a totally trustworthy partner who can be relied upon to professionally manage and safeguard confidential matters like Product Development, Processes, R & D, etc. 
People
We have an excellent Team of Senior and experienced Professionals to manage our  Business professionally. We firmly believe that our Team will be a key differentiator in this competitive business environment. 




World Wide Operation 
India 
With an experience of more than 2 decades, Elama Healthcare is an established name in Indian Pharmaceutical Industry. With its diversified product portfolio,  it has gained leadership in various therapeutic segments.
International 
Elama Healthcare has its presence in many overseas countries. Elama Healthcare operates its International business through various business models like Private Markets, Tenders, Licensing, Contract manufacturing and Joint Ventures.
Elama Healthcarea has successfully leveraged its production and Research & development competency for supplying affordable quality pharmaceuticals across the globe.
Elama Healthcare enjoys unique position in many private markets because of it’s “know- how” in marketing and highly professional sales and marketing team, who are the core power of our competitiveness and guarantee of our success
World Map
Show presence in ,  Myanmar, Cambodia, Vietnam, Phillipines, Nepal , Kenya, Afghanistan, Zambia ,  ivory coast, Cameroon , Guniea Conakry, Congo , Sudan , Angola , Mozambique




Services 
Product Development
Contract manufacturing 
Internal pipeline development
Dossier Out licensing of our own products 
Intellectual property  Management cell ( IPMC) Capabilities
Additional Service
Understanding Partner

Generics and Custom Formulation Activities 
Formulation Development 
IR (Immediate Release) cores and coated tablets (Film, Enteric and Sugar coated)
MR (Modified Release) cores and coated tablets (Film, Enteric and Sugar coated)
Dispersible tablets
Chewable tablets
Effervescent tablets

Dosage and Technologies 
Immediate release solid dosage form (IR)
 Modified release tablets (MR) –  Sustained release, Prolonged release, Delayed release, Extended release
Effervescent Technology 
Enteric coated Technology 
Palletization Technology 

Finished  product Development
Conceiving and identifying product profile
Pre formulation studies
Lab formula development and development for stability & validation
Scale up for process optimization/ validation
Analytical method development
Pilot scale mfg in cGMP facility (Clinical supplies)
Stability studies as per ICH guidelines
Dossier preparation for submission / Technical assistance for contract manufacturing
Data management (for transfer to Customers/ Regulatory Affairs)



Contract Manufacturing 
We trust in offering finest quality yet cost effective solutions to our business partners based on completely integrated R&D, technology and engineering capabilities. We have built robust alliances and continuing relationships with top global generic companies to offer R&D and formulation development services. With a view to provide best facilities to the customer, our selection process for the plant is systematic and major stress is given on capacities and vertical integration. Standards of highest value are strictly followed for manufacturing and distribution. A well-documented procedure exists to ensure transparency, traceability of every batch manufacturing.
The selection of our manufacturing partner is based on our experience for the past several years and with the current and planned capacity utilization. Compliance with Good Distribution practices adds an advantage to control supply chain issues.
We offer the following product forms for formulation development:
Immediate release tablets, hard gelatine capsules
Enteric coated tablets
Pallets
Soft gelatine capsules
Suspension, Solutions, and liquids
Parenteral (Small volume parenteral, Dry powder and Lyophilized)
Creams, non-sterile
We select the best suited manufacturing facility and take responsibility to supply products as well as documentation as required by various authorities for variation of finished product manufacturing site or Active Ingredient.
Current facilities where products can be manufactured are listed here.
Products Category
    Approval 
Beta lactam: Tablets, Capsules, Powder for Suspension/ syrup
WHO GMP, UKMHRA, EU GMP USFDA
Cephalosporin Injectable
WHO GMP, EU GMP
Tablets, Capsules, Oral Solution, Soft Gel Capsules
WHO GMP, UKMHRA, USFDA
Pallets
WHO GMP, EU GMP
Ophthalmic solutions, Liquid Injectable
WHO GMP, UKMHRA, USFDA
Oncology: Tablets, Capsules, Injectable, lyophilized injection
WHO GMP
Capsules (Hormones)
WHO GMP
We are in position to manufacture special products where special lines are required for manufacturing due to colour or any other factor influencing the product.



Internal pipeline development
We have a dedicated Scientific pool consisting of 15% of total work force working on generic   drug development  including non-infringing generic products nearing patent expiry and value added  generics ( VAG’s). Our expertise is in technology innovation, cost effective development, efficient time management and focused end to end support (pre-development to eCTD dossier submission). Our R & D lab and pilot scale equipment are identical with those in our manufacturing plant from engineering concepts to manufacturer make. 


Dossier Out licensing of our own products 
We have list of dossier which we outlicense to our potential partner by entering in to supplying agreement 

Intellectual property  Management cell ( IPMC) Capabilities
 We have a well qualified  and skilled  team with technical expertise in  generating  patent landscape  reports  for various regions and also to evaluate non –infringing claims  by performing infringing analysis on patent claims . 
Our IPMC is adept in patent analysis, filing national & international patent applications and in safeguarding filed applications. 
Our IPMC is an indispensable support for elucidation of R&D product pipeline, for co-development projects and product filing strategies.

Additional Services
Competitive Pricing:  Cost efficiency is a core focus area for us and we have implemented various systems to ensure competitiveness. 
Logistics Support: We provide Logistics support to ensure that delivery of our products reaches customers in the shortest possible time, in a safe and correct storage condition and at a competitive cost.
Time conscious: Time management and prompt response time is our core business focus.   
Safety, Health and Environment:  The safe environment for our personnel and safety of products is ensured at every step of our operation. 




Understanding Partners
Flexible Approach: We adopt a flexible approach with our customers and create a healthy environment for a successful business relationship. Our flexible approach has turned many of our customers into our long standing partners. 
Dynamic Partnership: We share our insights and experiences with our customers to assure mutual success .
In summary, our speedy, flexible, high quality, time efficient end-to-end services and competitive pricing make us a compelling value proposition.

CSR Activity : -

Will send the photos for uploading

Contact us 
Elama Healthcare Solution Pvt Ltd
NL-5, Building no 14 /4
Triveni APT, Behind St Augustine High School 
Sector 11, Nerul- East , Navi Mumbai 
Tel no :  0091-9820351123
Email id : md.elamahealthcare@gmail.com 


Product list :  Will be shared with you .

